Now that we've seen how to use Kafka CLI Tools,
let's explore how we can use Python to work with Kafka instead.
So if we return to our workspace,
I have now open Sample2.py,
and put it in a window that we can edit.
I've left some TODOs for myself here,
and you're going to see that in your exercises I'll also
leave you TODOs that you should modify throughout the code.
So you can see we have a couple of functions defined here: produce,
consume as well as the very bottom here,
a main function where we're going to actually create
a topic and see if topics already exist.
Let me close this so we can fit it all on the screen.
So we're going to start by actually creating the topics.
Then we're going to go ahead and delete topic if it exists.
I'm going to go back to the top and point out a few more things,
which I'll do for you in yours as well.
There's a Broker URL and a topic name.
We're going to use this,
so that you don't have to memorize the Broker URL or the names of the topics.
So here I'm going to copy the topic name,
and return to the main function.
The first thing we're going to do is create an admin client.
Now, the admin client is used to perform tasks such as creating topics,
deleting topics, or changing the configuration of a topic on your Kafka cluster.
So the first thing we're going to do is specify the bootstrap servers option,
just as we did on the command line.
Bootstrap.servers, and we're going to set that equal to the Broker URL.
That's all we need to get started with the client.
So now that we've instantiated the Kafka admin client,
we can then go ahead and configure our topic.
So the first thing we need to do is give it a name,
which we're going to set to topic name.
Then we're going to set, I believe it's actually num partitions equal 1,
and the replication factor also equal to 1.
Now, one of the things I want to point out,
and you'll see me do this throughout the class,
is I typically will always have
the documentation for the configuration open right on my desktop.
I've been using Kafka for years at this point,
and I still reference documentation on a regular basis.
There are a lot of configuration options for Kafka.
So it's not necessarily a great idea to just try and memorize everything.
Understanding how things work is what's really important here.
So I'll show you also how I tend to
navigate documentation while I walk through exercises.
I also tend to actually provide links to
the documentation while we're working on these workspaces together.
So as you can see we're working on the admin client,
and this is the confluent Kafka documentation for the library using.
So if I wanted to find the admin client,
I can just type it in here in the search bar add enter and then pulled up.
So this is the documentation for the admin client.
We're not going to use this right now,
but if I wanted to look up for example,
creating a topic, I can look up the documentation for create topics here.
We can also even go ahead and look at the new topic type.
So I can type that in here "New
Topic," and we can see exactly what parameters the new topic would take to be created.
So you can see back in the workspace here,
I couldn't quite remember,
was it partitions or num partitions?
Well, if I was wondering,
I could have just opened the documentation,
search for new topic and figured out that it's num partitions.
So let's return to our example.
We have topic name,
num partitions, and replication factor as one.
Now that we have a topic,
we actually need to tell the Kafka admin client to create the topic on the broker.
So we're going to use client.create topics.
We're going to actually provide it the topic that we wanted to create.
Now here's the thing. This function takes a list of topics.
So even though we only want to create one topic,
we need to put it inside of a list so that the function
works properly. That's all there is to it.
We'll now go ahead and create this topic if it doesn't already
exist. With that, I'm done.
We also want to set up the delete topics function,
which again uses the admin client.
So that when we're done using this topic, we clean it up.
Again, we're simply going to pass in a list of topics even though we only have one.
So before we move on to do the producer and consumer,
lets run this topic creation and deletion and see how it works. So I run this.
I'm just going to run Python,
Sample2.py in my terminal window.
Going to hit "Enter," and nothing is really going to happen,
because we're not actually doing a production or consumption yet.
So it's going to look like it's hanging,
but that's actually an indication that it's worked.
If you want to prove this to yourself,
you could actually look at the Kafka Logs. Let's do that real quick.
I can click the plus icon here to get a new terminal window.
Then I can actually go ahead and look at the logs.
So we are going to detail -f var/logs,
and var/log journal, confluence -Kafka.service.log.
I'm just going to highlight this,
and this will also be in the notes as well if you have trouble remembering this.
So we're going to just tell this file,
and we can see these are the actions that are actually
happening on Kafka as we're making our changes.
So you can see we have my first Python Kafka Topic 0 has been created.
These logs are a little hard to read,
but don't be overwhelmed.
There's a lot of useful information in here.
If you're having trouble getting Kafka work,
this is a good place to come to look for information.
So we are going to cancel this,
and we're going to shut down.